Server side GTM setup doc (#916)
avohq/docs: pages/workspace/connect-inspector-to-gtm.mdx

  />
</center>

5. Select the `template.tpl` file you downloaded on step 1

### Create Avo Inspector GTM tag

1. Navigate to the Tags tab in your server side GTM console
<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/server-gtm-tags.png')}
    alt="Tags option in the side menu"
    height="100"
  />
</center>

2. Click New in the top right
<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/server-gtm-tag-new.png')}
    alt="New button on the tags screen"
  />
</center>

3. Click Tag Configuration section and choose Avo Inspector form the options
<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/server-gtm-tag-configuration.png')}
    alt="Tag configuration tile on the new tag screen"
    height="200"
  />
</center>

4. Paste you Avo Inspector key. To get the key open your Avo.app workspace, choose the source you want to connect the Inspector to and navigate to the Inspector Setup tab.
<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/server-gtm-avo-inspector-setup.png')}
    alt="Navigation to the inspector key in Avo"
    height="100"
  />
</center>

> 5. Choose which environment this tag is reporting from. Inspector distinguish development, staging and production environments. Production is designed for high volumes, while development and staging are designed for quick response. You'll see you dev and staging events in the Inspector dashboard almost instantly, while the production events can take up to an hour to appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Choose which environment this tag is reporting from. Inspector distinguish development, staging, and production environments. Production is designed for high data volumes, while development and staging are designed for faster time to feedback in the Inspector dashboard. You'll see your dev and staging events in the Inspector dashboard almost instantly, while the production events can take up to an hour to appear
```
